one of the common problems when you're
out ice fishing is you pulling your
shanty and the snow is piling up in
front of it they can hurt her to pull
one of the solutions is to create the
Smitty sled let's go inside the shop and
we'll make one I set up my mitre station
with a clamp to act as a stop block out
of a two by six pieces of treated wood
and made for one foot long boards took
off floorboards over to advance on where
I'm at stop plot no economy will go
and is a three inch by half inch porch
for the crossbeams I cut the cross beams
down to 35 inches and I took the skis
and I trimmed them down before feet long
excuse to the drill press I drilled six
holes for the screws and went back over
each hole with larger bit not going all
the way through to act as a countersink
on top of the skis I drilled a quarter
inch bolt for the eyelets to go into
next I mixed up some epoxy epoxy is
really strong glue and will hold up
great for this application lanit Durban
Arbor recently just did a test of
various blues and their strength I'll
leave a link to the test in the
description below I clamped the wood to
the skis then I came back and put three
screws in each board put the crossbars
on the skis and drilled holes for the
bolt
I mounted it a nut to the bottom of the
board and put Loctite on the bolt and
bolted it down these books are not to
fasten anything down there meant more to
act as pins to keep the board from
shifting from side to side remember we
put matches in earlier so it will not go
forward or back we're more worried about
side to side back to the boards boards
on the skis I board all four holes out
to a much larger side you want the bolts
to slide in and out very easily
especially when you're out on a cold day
i mounted rings on the outside of the
board so that I could touch bungee cords
down or other straps then this to all
four boards
next I put the eyelets in the front of
the skis and I painted the crossbeams
different colors at each location so I
can easily tell which board goes what
direction well it's 38 degrees here in
the garage so there's a little chilly
I'll make this quick I hope you enjoyed
the build the one thing we did is the
eyelets on the a lot of people like to
put them on the bottom of the skis so
that lifts up as you pull I opted to put
the eyelets at the top with a rope
because I go over a lot of rocks and I
didn't want the Rope getting caught up
is easy
the project cost me about thirty five
dollars in probably three hours to build
all together it's money and time well
spent concerning it was 35 bucks and a
couple hours versus $75 for the ER visit
from the heart attack from pulling
across all this snow if you liked the
video give me a thumbs up please
subscribe on the button below to follow
the rest of my videos thanks have a
great day